com.darkowlzz.poda.MainActivity
com.darkowlzz.poda.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$drawable: int bg
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$id: int button
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$id: int credits
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$id: int text
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$layout: int credits
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$layout: int main
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$menu: int options
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda1
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda10
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda11
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda12
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda2
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda4
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda5
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda6
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda7
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda8
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$raw: int poda9
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$string: int app_name
com.darkowlzz.poda.R$string: int speak
